=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::conversations-conversation_id-items - Documentation for the /conversations/{conversation_id}/items path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</conversations/{conversation_id}/items>.

=head1 PATHS


=head2 C<GET /conversations/{conversation_id}/items>

List items


List all items for a conversation with the given ID.



=head3 Operation ID

C<listConversationItems>

    $client->listConversationItems( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<conversation_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the conversation to list items for.

Type: C<string>



=item * C<limit> (in query) (Optional) - A limit on the number of objects to be returned. Limit can range between
1 and 100, and the default is 20.


Type: C<integer>


Default: C<20>


=item * C<order> (in query) (Optional) - The order to return the input items in. Default is `desc`.
- `asc`: Return the input items in ascending order.
- `desc`: Return the input items in descending order.


Type: C<string>

Allowed values: C<asc, desc>



=item * C<after> (in query) (Optional) - An item ID to list items after, used in pagination.


Type: C<string>



=item * C<include> (in query) (Optional) - Specify additional output data to include in the model response. Currently
supported values are:
- `code_interpreter_call.outputs`: Includes the outputs of python code execution
  in code interpreter tool call items.
- `computer_call_output.output.image_url`: Include image urls from the computer call output.
- `file_search_call.results`: Include the search results of
  the file search tool call.
- `message.input_image.image_url`: Include image urls from the input message.
- `message.output_text.logprobs`: Include logprobs with assistant messages.
- `reasoning.encrypted_content`: Includes an encrypted version of reasoning
  tokens in reasoning item outputs. This enables reasoning items to be used in
  multi-turn conversations when using the Responses API statelessly (like
  when the `store` parameter is set to `false`, or when an organization is
  enrolled in the zero data retention program).


Type: C<array>



=back


=head3 Responses


=head4 Status Code: C<200>

OK


=head4 Content Types:

=over 4


=item * C<application/json>

Example (See the L<OpenAI spec for more detail|https://github.com/openai/openai-openapi/blob/master/openapi.yaml>):

    {
       "data" : [
          null
       ]
    }


=back

=head2 C<POST /conversations/{conversation_id}/items>

Create items


Create items in a conversation with the given ID.



=head3 Operation ID

C<createConversationItems>

    $client->createConversationItems( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<conversation_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the conversation to add the item to.

Type: C<string>



=item * C<include> (in query) (Optional) - Additional fields to include in the response. See the `include`
parameter for [listing Conversation items above](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/conversations/list-items#conversations_list_items-include) for more information.


Type: C<array>



=back

=head3 Request Body
  
=head3 Content Type: C<application/json>

    
      

      
      
Example:

    {
       "items" : [
          null
       ]
    }


             

=head3 Responses


=head4 Status Code: C<200>

OK


=head4 Content Types:

=over 4


=item * C<application/json>

Example (See the L<OpenAI spec for more detail|https://github.com/openai/openai-openapi/blob/master/openapi.yaml>):

    {
       "data" : [
          null
       ]
    }


=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut