=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::fine_tuning-jobs - Documentation for the /fine_tuning/jobs path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</fine_tuning/jobs>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<GET /fine_tuning/jobs>

List your organization's fine-tuning jobs


=head3 Operation ID

C<listPaginatedFineTuningJobs>

    $client->listPaginatedFineTuningJobs( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<after> (in query) (Optional) - Identifier for the last job from the previous pagination request.
Type: C<string>

=item * C<limit> (in query) (Optional) - Number of fine-tuning jobs to retrieve.
Type: C<integer>

Default: C<20>

=item * C<metadata> (in query) (Optional) - Optional metadata filter. To filter, use the syntax `metadata[k]=v`. Alternatively, set `metadata=null` to indicate no metadata.

Type: C<object>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "data" : [
          {
             "error" : null,
             "hyperparameters" : null,
             "integrations" : [
                null
             ],
             "method" : {
                "dpo" : {
                   "hyperparameters" : null
                },
                "supervised" : {
                   "hyperparameters" : null
                }
             },
             "result_files" : [
                "file-abc123"
             ]
          }
       ]
    }



=back

=head2 C<POST /fine_tuning/jobs>

Creates a fine-tuning job which begins the process of creating a new model from a given dataset.

Response includes details of the enqueued job including job status and the name of the fine-tuned models once complete.

[Learn more about fine-tuning](/docs/guides/fine-tuning)


=head3 Operation ID

C<createFineTuningJob>

    $client->createFineTuningJob( ... );


=head3 Request Body

=head3 Content Type: C<application/json>


=head3 Example:

    {
       "hyperparameters" : null,
       "integrations" : [
          {
             "wandb" : {
                "project" : "my-wandb-project",
                "tags" : [
                   "custom-tag"
                ]
             }
          }
       ],
       "method" : {
          "dpo" : {
             "hyperparameters" : null
          },
          "supervised" : {
             "hyperparameters" : null
          }
       },
       "model" : "gpt-4o-mini",
       "seed" : 42,
       "training_file" : "file-abc123",
       "validation_file" : "file-abc123"
    }



=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "error" : null,
       "hyperparameters" : null,
       "integrations" : [
          null
       ],
       "method" : {
          "dpo" : {
             "hyperparameters" : null
          },
          "supervised" : {
             "hyperparameters" : null
          }
       },
       "result_files" : [
          "file-abc123"
       ]
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
