=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::organization-projects-project_id-api_keys - Documentation for the /organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<GET /organization/projects/{project_id}/api_keys>

Returns a list of API keys in the project.

=head3 Operation ID

C<list-project-api-keys>

    $client->list-project-api-keys( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<project_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the project.
Type: C<string>

=item * C<limit> (in query) (Optional) - A limit on the number of objects to be returned. Limit can range between 1 and 100, and the default is 20.

Type: C<integer>

Default: C<20>

=item * C<after> (in query) (Optional) - A cursor for use in pagination. `after` is an object ID that defines your place in the list. For instance, if you make a list request and receive 100 objects, ending with obj_foo, your subsequent call can include after=obj_foo in order to fetch the next page of the list.

Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

Project API keys listed successfully.

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "data" : [
          {
             "owner" : {
                "service_account" : null,
                "user" : null
             }
          }
       ]
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
