=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::organization-admin_api_keys-key_id - Documentation for the /organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id} path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id}>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<DELETE /organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id}>

Delete an organization admin API key

Delete the specified admin API key.
=head3 Operation ID

C<admin-api-keys-delete>

    $client->admin-api-keys-delete( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<key_id> (in path) (Required) - No description available.
Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

Confirmation that the API key was deleted.

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "object" : "organization.admin_api_key.deleted",
       "deleted" : true,
       "id" : "key_abc"
    }



=back

=head2 C<GET /organization/admin_api_keys/{key_id}>

Retrieve a single organization API key

Get details for a specific organization API key by its ID.
=head3 Operation ID

C<admin-api-keys-get>

    $client->admin-api-keys-get( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<key_id> (in path) (Required) - No description available.
Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

Details of the requested API key.

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "id" : "key_abc",
       "value" : "sk-admin-1234abcd",
       "owner" : {
          "id" : "sa_456",
          "type" : "service_account",
          "created_at" : 1711471533,
          "role" : "member",
          "name" : "My Service Account"
       },
       "name" : "Administration Key",
       "redacted_value" : "sk-admin...def",
       "created_at" : 1711471533,
       "object" : "organization.admin_api_key"
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
