=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::organization-users - Documentation for the /organization/users path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</organization/users>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<GET /organization/users>

Lists all of the users in the organization.

=head3 Operation ID

C<list-users>

    $client->list-users( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<limit> (in query) (Optional) - A limit on the number of objects to be returned. Limit can range between 1 and 100, and the default is 20.

Type: C<integer>

Default: C<20>

=item * C<after> (in query) (Optional) - A cursor for use in pagination. `after` is an object ID that defines your place in the list. For instance, if you make a list request and receive 100 objects, ending with obj_foo, your subsequent call can include after=obj_foo in order to fetch the next page of the list.

Type: C<string>

=item * C<emails> (in query) (Optional) - Filter by the email address of users.
Type: C<array>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

Users listed successfully.

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "data" : [
          null
       ]
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
