=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::threads-thread_id-runs-run_id - Documentation for the /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id} path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<GET /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}>

Retrieves a run.

=head3 Operation ID

C<getRun>

    $client->getRun( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<thread_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the [thread](/docs/api-reference/threads) that was run.
Type: C<string>

=item * C<run_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the run to retrieve.
Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "required_action" : {
          "submit_tool_outputs" : {
             "tool_calls" : [
                {
                   "function" : null
                }
             ]
          }
       },
       "usage" : null,
       "last_error" : null,
       "incomplete_details" : null,
       "tools" : [
          null
       ]
    }



=back

=head2 C<POST /threads/{thread_id}/runs/{run_id}>

Modifies a run.

=head3 Operation ID

C<modifyRun>

    $client->modifyRun( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<thread_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the [thread](/docs/api-reference/threads) that was run.
Type: C<string>

=item * C<run_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the run to modify.
Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Request Body

=head3 Content Type: C<application/json>


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "last_error" : null,
       "required_action" : {
          "submit_tool_outputs" : {
             "tool_calls" : [
                {
                   "function" : null
                }
             ]
          }
       },
       "usage" : null,
       "tools" : [
          null
       ],
       "incomplete_details" : null
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
