=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::uploads - Documentation for the /uploads path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</uploads>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<POST /uploads>

Creates an intermediate [Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/object) object
that you can add [Parts](/docs/api-reference/uploads/part-object) to.
Currently, an Upload can accept at most 8 GB in total and expires after an
hour after you create it.

Once you complete the Upload, we will create a
[File](/docs/api-reference/files/object) object that contains all the parts
you uploaded. This File is usable in the rest of our platform as a regular
File object.

For certain `purpose` values, the correct `mime_type` must be specified. 
Please refer to documentation for the 
[supported MIME types for your use case](/docs/assistants/tools/file-search#supported-files).

For guidance on the proper filename extensions for each purpose, please
follow the documentation on [creating a
File](/docs/api-reference/files/create).


=head3 Operation ID

C<createUpload>

    $client->createUpload( ... );


=head3 Request Body

=head3 Content Type: C<application/json>


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
      "id": "upload_abc123",
      "object": "upload",
      "bytes": 2147483648,
      "created_at": 1719184911,
      "filename": "training_examples.jsonl",
      "purpose": "fine-tune",
      "status": "completed",
      "expires_at": 1719127296,
      "file": {
        "id": "file-xyz321",
        "object": "file",
        "bytes": 2147483648,
        "created_at": 1719186911,
        "filename": "training_examples.jsonl",
        "purpose": "fine-tune",
      }
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
