=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::uploads-upload_id-parts - Documentation for the /uploads/{upload_id}/parts path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</uploads/{upload_id}/parts>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<POST /uploads/{upload_id}/parts>

Adds a [Part](/docs/api-reference/uploads/part-object) to an [Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/object) object. A Part represents a chunk of bytes from the file you are trying to upload. 

Each Part can be at most 64 MB, and you can add Parts until you hit the Upload maximum of 8 GB.

It is possible to add multiple Parts in parallel. You can decide the intended order of the Parts when you [complete the Upload](/docs/api-reference/uploads/complete).


=head3 Operation ID

C<addUploadPart>

    $client->addUploadPart( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<upload_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the Upload.

Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Request Body

=head3 Content Type: C<multipart/form-data>


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
