=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path::vector_stores-vector_store_id-files - Documentation for the /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files path.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This document describes the API endpoint at C</vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files>.

See the C<examples/> directory in the distribution for examples of how to use this.

=head2 C<GET /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files>

Returns a list of vector store files.

=head3 Operation ID

C<listVectorStoreFiles>

    $client->listVectorStoreFiles( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<vector_store_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the vector store that the files belong to.
Type: C<string>

=item * C<limit> (in query) (Optional) - A limit on the number of objects to be returned. Limit can range between 1 and 100, and the default is 20.

Type: C<integer>

Default: C<20>

=item * C<order> (in query) (Optional) - Sort order by the `created_at` timestamp of the objects. `asc` for ascending order and `desc` for descending order.

Type: C<string>

Possible values: C<asc desc>

Default: C<desc>

=item * C<after> (in query) (Optional) - A cursor for use in pagination. `after` is an object ID that defines your place in the list. For instance, if you make a list request and receive 100 objects, ending with obj_foo, your subsequent call can include after=obj_foo in order to fetch the next page of the list.

Type: C<string>

=item * C<before> (in query) (Optional) - A cursor for use in pagination. `before` is an object ID that defines your place in the list. For instance, if you make a list request and receive 100 objects, starting with obj_foo, your subsequent call can include before=obj_foo in order to fetch the previous page of the list.

Type: C<string>

=item * C<filter> (in query) (Optional) - Filter by file status. One of `in_progress`, `completed`, `failed`, `cancelled`.
Type: C<string>

Possible values: C<in_progress completed failed cancelled>


=back


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "data" : [
          {
             "last_error" : null
          }
       ],
       "first_id" : "file-abc123",
       "has_more" : false,
       "last_id" : "file-abc456",
       "object" : "list"
    }



=back

=head2 C<POST /vector_stores/{vector_store_id}/files>

Create a vector store file by attaching a [File](/docs/api-reference/files) to a [vector store](/docs/api-reference/vector-stores/object).

=head3 Operation ID

C<createVectorStoreFile>

    $client->createVectorStoreFile( ... );

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item * C<vector_store_id> (in path) (Required) - The ID of the vector store for which to create a File.

Type: C<string>


=back


=head3 Request Body

=head3 Content Type: C<application/json>


=head3 Responses

=head3 Status Code: C<200>

OK

Content Types:

=over 4

=item * C<application/json>

Example:

    {
       "last_error" : null
    }



=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<OpenAPI::Client::OpenAI::Path>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (C) 2023-2025 by Nelson Ferraz

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.14.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

=cut
